#1713 Developer Portal 2.0 update (#1752)
SuperOfficeDocs/superoffice-docs: docs/en/developer-portal/partner/user-settings.md

| Setting | Description | How-tos | Read more |
|---|---|---|---|

> | Avatar | Small circular image. A custom profile image if set; otherwise, the system uses a picture from [Gravatar.com][8]. | [Update profile picture][7] | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Avatar | Small circular image. A custom profile image if set; otherwise, the system default. | [Update profile picture][7] | |
```
